
1/12/24

### Opening statements
Formats to talk about:
Recruitment, Finances, Lead

Daniel needs to go over bylaws
Discuss times to go over regular meetings.

# Jessie Returns from Committee Meeting

### Talks of showing up to the meeting
Left at 6pm, got there at 4am. 
Meeting started at 4pm, their ritual made ours looked bad. Jessie was impressed, "the way they lifted the book, sheathed out the sword"

1st meeting was about the golden circle. "Start from the center and work your way out". 

`*Missed Jessies vision*`

"Diegos vision" - Do the work because there's a purpose and a goal. The more we work together, we become more than friends, we're brothers, from creating that bond and connection. Diego wants us to rely on each other.

Jessie feels like he doesn't understand "why" we're a chapter. "Why, how and what". 
Breakout sessions: "Two people would go out on their own to do......"
~A few people will have a breakout session when needed to train a replacement.

Diego and Anthony agree that they want breakout sessions between meetings.
Diego wants Luis to start learning all the financial stuff for the chapter.
Anthony has plans for Luis's training.

Steve reminds us that the key to success is to train the next generation to take over the role. Mentions the importance of cross role training to better understand what everyone does.

Dougk mentions, that we should always be training our replacement (you never know when you'll get promoted)

Jessie mentions Walt, senior manager that got promoted. Walt does a workshop. "If you're gonna fail, fail fast". Story of someone who did a great workshop, and was told to let another

Jessie mentions that another thing we need to do is enforce our expectations. Unacceptable that we aren't timely or cancel last minute. 

# Steve warned that this semester, if we show up late, we won't be allowed in.

Jessie suggests a punishment for people who don't show up without a good excuse. Anthony suggested a charge. Jessie suggests a punishment, like one month no drinking. Diego suggests charging people, and increasing it each time they don't show up. He wants two or three days in advance. 

"What's better, punishing bad behavior, or rewarding good behavior" - Steve

### Jessie mentions enforcing the Bylaws

Jessie also mentioned having a calendar. Don't be afraid to move dates, rushed events don't go as well. Plan a semester ahead. Diego said he agrees, except for things we have to reserve ahead of time like preference dinners. 

### How do we want to be seen as?
Jessie mentions hanging out together more often and being seen on campus. 
Jessie mentioned that another chapter, rush's all semester long. 

Jessie mentions IFC is a mess, someone told us to do an IFC lunch with them. If we do that they'll let us get away with more stuff

### Ask the alumni what we want out of the chapter. 
Steve wants us to have the same experience that he had, the same experience Doug Krouss had. Mentions bonding with brothers 30 years after graduation. Doug adds, "Why Sigma Nu?". They had scholars, a good GPA, strong brotherhood that networked, regularly ate together in certain places, played sports regularly together as a group. Reminds us that we're not a party fraternity, but that depends on the image we want to give. Have fun, and do events together. Doug mentions that we need to do more things for the community, and doing things for charity.

Jessie shares a quote, "Don't be a turkey person". Football coach that taught HS students how to play, would mention Love Truth honor. They would lose a lot, he said they'll do better. He wanted to make their lives better. They were doing good in football, but struggled in school. He only got half the team to hear his words, but the other half they didn't. He asks someone who heard, why the other didn't hear it. The kid responded, "We wanted to make sure you weren't a turkey person". Explains how people in the coach's position who do well, get all the attention, doing it for himself. "Diego, give your credit to all the officers"

Don't be afraid to confront your brothers - Jessie
"Give people work, but not so much that you do nothing". - Jessie

#### Last part of committee meeting is about financials
If we do payment plan, for every dollar paid, Somebody named anthony said he'll waive it. Doug asks if its current balance or past due balance. Doug reminds us, that they already cut us a lot of money that was already due. Said we need to pay by May. Doug mentions a 37 hundred dollar payment. 
Steve mentions setting up a virtual meeting with headquarters to talk about financials.
Jessie says we have 18 hundred dollars on hold, that need to go somewhere?
Doug said he read it that Anthony made a payment, they applied 14 hundred of that......reminds us that we're doing well.

### Steve asks if we're doing anything right
Jessie says recruitment could be better. Chapter meetings could be better. Says the lead program was the best. 

### Jessie asks Diego how he wants to execute his mission
Diego wants us to always do things earlier than they're expected to be. Says if we do things weeks, months, or days from when they're due, then we're ahead. Wants us to be like chapter X. Jessie mentions "have brothers explain how they feel, and why they want to be in brotherhood events". 
Jessie shares that he wants us to hang together as group more during events. Three separate groups walking up the hill for fireside. People canceling events. Diego explains his busy schedule, can't callout or having days switched back to back. Jessie shares that his job allows him to request days off three weeks in advance. Diego says he's only getting a few hours and needs the hours. Diego said the school didn't accept his FAFSA. 

### Jessie asks us about the process for trial code
Diego and Anthony said they're on the website, Jessie has a physical copy. 


# Jessie wraps up, meeting moves to Bylaws

Diego moves the meeting over to Daniel to talk about bylaws,

Jessie remembers and interrupts, "The way we rush, will affect the type of people we bring. If we only do alcohol parties, we'll only have people that only want to do that.". Steve breaks it down, lets be well rounded in the the events we plan, to bring different types of people.

### Daniel starts
Mentions that some things need to be rewritten (Some sections mention quarterly system, we're now on a semester system). Daniel made his own Slide. 

Daniel sends the slides to diego

There are 12 articles, each article is split into sections. 
### Article 1
Sigma nu has all authority over laws and bylaws. Breaks down the table of the authority hierarchy. 
We are considered collegiate members until all diploma requirements are fulfilled. We're members until we receive a diploma. Doug recommends that we look at recent departures, and determine if they're alumni, or actually collegiate members. "All decisions made, must align with roberts rule of order, CSUSB guidelines, and IFC rules"

### Article 2
Quorum must be present, there has to be atleast 50% plus 1 collegiate member. Actives cannot go into meeting without proper attire. Badges can only be worn with formal attire. The knock we learned **cannot be done** during ritual meetings. Chapter members cannot join with permission??

### Article 3
If someone from another university wants to join, they have to interview with us.
Sweethearts are voted based on service and merit. 

### Article 4
Goes over the officer roles, explains their power. Reminds us who's positioned in what, and the kind of power each role has. Asks us about a Sigma Nu, Christmas end of the year dinner. Diego mentions that it hasn't been done since he got in.

### Article 5
Financials

### Article 6
2.6 is the minimum GPA for Nominees and Executive officers. Failing grades result in losing positions. Legitimate grade changes can allow retention. If you're below the GPA, you're required to have 2 weekly study hours. Being under suspension means mandatory study hours and possible trial code. Candidates who fall below 2.6 are removed from the candidacy program. 

### Article 7
Disciplinary action. 
1. Under Academic probation. 
2. Under suspenion
3. under expulsion.

### Article 8
Candidate program. Goes over goals, meetings, responsibilities, attire, removal process, alcohol policy, rules. Actives can attend candidate meetings, but they have to be in proper attire, and must sit in the back, unless an exception was made. Candidates have to greet sweethearts 3 times a day?
Actives need to respect property, set an example of love truth and honor. 
**We have to confirm if candidates need to wear a pin no matter what, or in only formal attire**
We can't drink infront of candidates, or offer them. 

Candidate program. 

### Article 9
Risk reduction. The chair would check for risk during parties. No one under 18 is allowed. Active members can invite one male guest for party events

### Article 10
Elections. Goes over the dates and the process of elections. Goes over the rules for elections. Eligibility requirements for nominees. 

### Article 11
Honor council. Procedures for filing complaints. Trials.

### Article 12
Amendments. Process for Bylaws, Amendments & Proposals. Authority. Review and revision. Shares a list of position chairmens. 

### Steve asks Diego to assign two more people for bylaw revisions.

Jessie mentions rush dates, diego explains he's getting contact with Marco, and planning rush dates. Jessie said there's already rush dates. Says, if the IFC is a mess, we can make our own dates. Diego suggests that we make a meeting to talk about rush dates. Diego asked other fraternities about rush dates, confirmed that nothing was mentioned to them either. Other fraternities are planning to make their own dates too. Diego wants a lot of active bros to show up to the event. **Diego is only available mondays and wednesdays**

Daniel mentioned that Delta Sigma Phi already announced their rush events. Diego mentioned that Sigma Phi Epsilon is in the process of announcing a date. Diego wants to plan dates for preference dinner and bid date. 

Steve suspects that even if we try to make our own schedule and stick by them, marcos can announce a date for events, and set us back or ahead by a week. Steve is suggesting to pressure Marcos and meet with him.

Steve reminds us, think of hard dates, but for us to do as much planning as we can for events, before picking a date. Things will come together, 

Jessie was thinking of January 31st for **info game night.**
Other event ideas suggested **bowling, bbq, and pool.**

Diego asks where we do bbq. Daniel says the group suggests a retro summer theme. We'll be able to save money. Doug mentions that spring rush is the lighter rush, and we should plan something over the summer, to make money, and plan an amazing fall rush, for more candidates. Suggests we don't have to go too cheap on the spring rush.

Diego mentions that we need permission from the school to do a pool event. Daniel mentions, renting university village pool. Or renting a park. 

Diego mentions flyers. Daniel suggests that we should make business cards to give to people when tabling. Suggests that flyers get thrown away. 

Image that was sent to Diego is the idea for Springs rush theme. 

Steve asks Diego to send him the image so he can share it with the ARB.

Steve suggests with business cards, that the back should be matte so we can write on it, keep a pen in your pocket, write notes on it. 

Daniel asks if any ARB members want a shirt, Steve asks to wait for the weekend to check.

### Diego mentions a bowling alumni night, but it might be late for them.
Jessie says it's a month in advance.

Diego asks what games for game night. Daniel suggests giving free much, but it may not be a good idea because it will only attract people who want free stuff. Steve suggests, a limited capacity. Gives a sense of urgency. Diego asks which prizes there should be, Daniel suggests gift cards. Diego suggests merch. 

Jessie talks about asking the sweethearts to hangout for movie night. 
Jessie says movie night is on the 5th of February. Daniel talks about ADPies movie night, where they had a projector outside, people can hear each other, and play a movie everyone has already seen. 

Talks about sweet hearts, and how they're Alumni, and they're not required to work for us, but can volunteer.

**Diego lists as event ideas**:
Bowling, alumni night, fiesta village, preference dinner

Only Alumni that are in good standing, can show up to the alumni night, or preference dinner. 
Steve and DougK remind us that even though they didn't want to pay dues over covid because nothing was going on, but they need to be in good standing and take accountability. 

Daniel suggests possibly not having an alumni night, depending if we struggle to find young alumni to bring. 

Daniel asks if we can have preference in someplace over at hospitality lane, because  some places have private banquets.

Daniel asks if it's better to have preferences on Fridays or Saturdays. 

Talked about have a calendar setup on Teams to see events. Jessie said he has connections in other states. Fresno, and Washington. 

### Moving onto marshal plan
Diego mentions how he was giving an instructor plans on what to do for every chapter. 

- Candidate shirt designs
- Paddle
- Fundraising
- Alumni Relations
- Philanthropy
Daniel suggests paying for some meals, for candidates when challenged to eat together
- Requiring they carry pens
- Folders
- Dry Candidacy
- Wants marshal to add quizzes, and learning how to greet people with badges. Wants Marshal to update the roster. 

Suggest a web calendar tool.

We need Bylaws to determine who has the authority to assign who has permission to give others editing permission

Is there any Bylaw that is strict on tardiness about events? or only rituals. 

Mention Sigma, Pi, Alpha