# Intro

There will be an agenda 
We were given permission to copy the only manual we have

Steve suggests coming 15 minutes early
- Gave example of professional settings where people hangout and talk about the behind the scenes stuff

Once they're official, if we don't come dressed properly or show up on time, we'll be asked to leave.

60% of people need to be in clubs
we need 2 - 3 philanthropy events

Doug suggested going over the bare minimal requirements that's expected of the chapter. 

Steve - Everyone is expected to look at those expectations by next week

The chapter paid two grand to HQ, but they don't know what it was paid to. They don't know if it was for candidate, initiation, or debt dues. 

Steve is asking for our invoice, so he can pay our initiate dues.


### Marshal
AJ asked to make constant reminders.
All actives and officers will have access.
I promised to create the google calendar

### Bylaws
Daniel asked if there's anything on the website that can help him make bylaws. Steve suggests using the existing format, Roberts rules. If it makes sense we'll make sure it's in the bylaw
- Removing the bylaw that emminant commander doesn't pay dues
- The chapter has **no authority** or position on dating. All active members are dues paying regardless of position.

Doug requested that we make a meeting for the bylaw committee, to actively talk about it.
- Wants the meeting arranged before our next official meeting
- We'll make the actual decisions during the next official meeting

Doug suggested another lead session for officer transitions.

### Scholarship
Four actives are on academic probation
- They have to talk to Dom
- The four of them will develop an action plan for the chapter,
- Action plan needed by next meeting
- Simple, "More study hours" is not allowed
- We need to find solutions to work with each other.

If they don't fix it by next semester they'll get onto **Academic suspension**
- Can't participate in events

currently as of Spring 2023, Sigma Nu has a 2.510
- If we can get above a 2.6 as a chapter
- Steve will give us a dollar for every point


## Recruitment
Doug suggests asking people what they're into, and bumping them to someone in the fraternity who could relate 
- Similar majors

### Speedys speech

Speedy suggests bumping is the first thing we do
- If we have nothing in common, hand them off to someone who can talk to them.
- People open up when you talk to them about things they like.
	- Football, band, whatever
- Find something in common
- If one of us got through to a PM, it's their job to reach out to that person and ask them to come to rush events

When they ask about sigma nu, why pay for friends, what do you get out of joining?
- Friendship, brotherhood
- Learn time management
	- Work, school, family, clubs, relationships, friendships
- Support system
	- We get incentives and help from alumni
	- Our alumni is active
	- Connections to other Sigma Nu's across the country
	- As actives we support each other
	- You'll have actives taking similar majors and teach each other

Success
- Not everyone knows how to be successful
- We learn how to be successful and stay successful
	- Running events

1. Friendship
2. balance
3. support
4. success

Some people go to class, then go home
- We're offering an opportunity to open peoples college careers

Wearing similar clothes are real attention setters
- Make sure they're clean
- Make sure we smell good and dress nice

##### Questions
1. How do we start off tabling?
	- Because the school doesn't have exact rules set for when and where to setup. We can have a table anywhere and at any hour
They setup in front of the commons and the library
- On certain days, they would move to different buildings, like jack brown, becasue they weren't getting businesss people
	- Talk to people from all kinds of majors
We should table early so people see us when coming in
- We should hangout and eat on campus


2. How do we get more people to respond back?
	- **Call, don't text**
	- We give them all the information and invite them
		- Free event, food, 
	- Don't call people everyday, spread it out

3. How do we setup the table?
	- Black table cloth
	- Setup pictures of events and stuff that we've been doing
		- Daniel mentioned that the letters are not in our possession
		- Speedy suggests making it a brotherhood event
	- Speedy mentions candidate pins, flags, stuff they put together
	- Suggests Paddles, flyers, picture books for people to flip through
		- Speedy suggest we use our own pictures
	- By doing this, people might see one in there they might recognize, or events they're interested in
	- Phone list with our names, badge number and phone number to the right


Everytime you talk to someone, **keep using their name**
- Hey doug, what do you like to do for fun doug, 

Speedy suggests that we make nametags
- Sticky name tags, makes it easier for people to remember our names when they come to events
Doug suggests we make flyers

If we can get 10 candidates (bids
- Speedy will get us letters

**DO NOT TALK BAD ABOUT ANOTHER FRATERNITY**

Whose the best?
- Us, but if that happens encourage them to talk to other fraternities

Have a coffee pot on the table and offer some.

Think about the things the actives told us that had us interested in joining

Student engagement
- If we get tables from SMSU, they're free

Preference dinner, date & time by invitation
- Olive garden is a good bet
- We need a banquet, personal private area

### Tabling starts tomorrow

Doug is offering his canopy

We decided to do move night on valentines day and encourage each other, including PMs, to bring their significant others.


Jessie said someone is offering us Jetblue airline tickets to North Dakota.
- They throw big parties