

Everyone is in attendance except for Anthony
- Steve is on Zoom

Minutes approved from last meeting

## Anthony tortellini
Get the affidavit turned in by the 15th
- We ended up doing it during the meeting
- Luis had trouble finding the email



## Treasurer
Dues need to be paid by the 15th

#### Daniels asking for dates off
- Issue with finding the dates, Daniel will post to the group chat

# Next meeting will be online (presidents day)


I mentioned reaching out to the sorority with ideas of what to do for a social.
I mentioned that speedy pitched an idea for a brotherhood event involving alumni and candidates
- Will talk in detail another time

# Moving onto old business
We don't have confirmed alumni's to come to the leadership meeting
- Only speedy
Steve promised to send us a selfie with him in Mickey Mouse ears since he can't make it. 

Potential alumni:
- Matt
- Doug Krous
- Derrick
- Dom & Amir
- Mariel? 
- Jewels? 
Jesse is asking for the contacts to the sweethearts 
Doug requested Jesse gets this done by tomorrow
Doug invited the sweethearts to the other events
Diego isn't sure which sweetheart, but one of them requests a formal invitation.

# Moving onto new business
1. We're moving chants for the next meeting

2. Officer transition LEAD
	- We all have to do an officer transisition lead session
	- Doug suggests doing it next meeting
		- This will extend the meeting.
We all voted to extend the next meeting.

3. Vote on bylaws
	- We're not voting on anything tonight, we're discussing it, and it will be voted on next week
	- **There's no need to get this done in the next two weeks**
	- Steve suggests doing a little at a time. Make everything blanketed

EC wants a rule where we want to have a hard limit on how long a meeting can go
- We would need to vote on how much more time to extend it

Easy stuff to fix:
- Grammatical errors
- Changing things from the quarter system to semester

## Discussing the bylaws
1. Changing from the 3rd edition to the 4th
2. Updating the dates for revisioning and badge numbers
3.  Possibly making 5th years........
4. Changing 2.1, If you're going to be late, you need to give notice 24 hours prior, unless there's an emergency
	1. **Needs to come back to add unless there's an emergency**
5. Changing Article 2 Section 3.3 so that a brother being kicked out of a meeting can appeal to the Lt. Commander
	1. Reason being, the EC doesn't need to stop the meeting just to hear the appeal.
	2. Not necessarily Lt, it's whoever's next in command
6. Changing 3.4 so that the knock **HAS** to be used when ritual is open
7. Article 2 Section 4.3 may be redundant
	1. Tabling that part
*Steve reminds us that it's our decision how often we want to change the bylaws*
8.  Article 3  (1.3 -4)
	1. Steve suggest being vague with dating, but include that they can't live in a chapter house together.
	2. Doug suggests that Active EC cannot date other brothers
	3. Steve suggests an active and a candidate cannot be dating
	4. Caveouts, position, rank
	5. ****Bottom line: Brother couples cannot live together in a chapter house, cannot hold a position in the chapter (Power dynamic issue), and an active cannot date a candidate
9.  Changing Article 3 Section 1.1 from paying quarterly to monthly
10.  Adding to Article 3 Section 1.6, adding something along the lines of any means of communication that is fraternity related
11. Article 5 section 1.1 is tabled for now, until we create a dues comity
12. Removing Article 3 section 1.2
13. Updating section 1.4 so that it's quarterly, and they cannot participate in chapter events unless they pay
14. Removing Section 2.2 
15. Updating 3.1, EC pays dues
16. Removing 3.2 
17. Adding 3.3, brothers who get a GPA of 3.5 or above, will recieve a 50%. Must take atleast 12 units
	1. Term because headquarters and the school sees term

We ran out of time and stopped at 3.3 article 5

Diego suggests doing a brotherhood event for doing well in recruitment.
