
Everyone is present, except for Anthony

Meeting started at 7:00 PM

# Officer Reports

## E.C
Doug had a meeting with Fred on the 19th. He was made aware and wanted to get the story. 
It will probably open something, maybe with the OSLE. The ARB was asked to stand down before the trial code. We got an email from Ricardo and need to respond back to him.

## L.T
Last Wednesday on the 20th, Daniel attended the meeting as a delegate. Marcos went over important dates for next semester. 
School starts on the 26th of asugust. by Sepetember 6th, Marcos needs a current roster.
Bid day should be no later than September 20th. Gives us about four weeks to recruit. 
Anything Daniel reports could be updated by Doug next time they have a meeting.
The IFC is in debt to the NIC. They're going to start charging active and new members dues once a semester. Dues to the school will be $10 - $15
The fee needs to be paid by the first or second week of October.
Expect new members to be initiated by November 24th
The Vice President of the IFC (Luigi from Sig ep) made a document about some type of bylaws. It needs to be approved by the IFC, once it is, Doug will get a copy of it. 
- Common rules will be in that document such as don't drink during recruitment events

## Treasurer 
The school told us that Anthony cannot be Treasurer because he's not taking classes, so now we need Luis to step up and take the role of Treasurer ASAP.
The school needs to recognize Luis as Treasurer. 
## Recorder
Nothing to report. 

## Recruitment
Jesse has been talking to Barghov, Gabriel, and Gavin. Someone hasn't been reaching back to him.
We're going to get Jessie on the Chapter builder tool on our website. We want to start using that tool.
We want to move away from pen and paper next semester.
Account is signed under Daniels account right now.

# Action Plan
Since we don't have a candidate class, we need to focus on completing the action plan.

# Bylaws we're updating or adding
Bylaws we're changing:
Article 1, section 2.3:
- No longer a chapter decision, it is an EC decision
Article 2. section 1.1:
Article 2. Section 1.2:
Article 2. Section 3.3:
Article 2 Section 3.4:
Article 3 section 1.4
Removing entier section 2 = career connection status
Article 5, section 1.1
Article 5, section
Article 5 section 2.2
Article 5, section 3.1
Article 5, section 4.2
Article 5, section 4.4
Article 5, section 4.6
Article 5, section 5.1
Article 6, section 2.1
Article 6, section  2.2
Article 6, section 2.3
Article 6, section 2.8
Article 7, section 1
Article 7, section 1.1
Article 7, section 1.4
Article 7, section 1.6
Article 7, section 2
Article 8, section 2.3
Article 8, section 3.3
Article 8, section 4.1
Article 8, section 10.2
Article 8, section 10.3
Article 8, section 11.1
Article 8, section 14.2

We're going to write *redacted* on entire articles that we're deleting.

# We moved to approve the changes
We're going to strike through things we want to get rid of, rather than completely deleting them off the document. 

# Recruitment updates
### New Names
Daniel got four names: Jessie, Marcos, Troy & ????
- He has the phone number to ????, I believe just one person. 
Jessie got Marcos, not sure if it's the same guy.
Luis made an Indian friend, doesn't know his name.

### Rush Shirts
After Spring break we want to talk more about recruitment events for next semester
Planning for a shirt. We're thinking of only making shirts certain alumni's. 
No updates from the other Alumni members who haven't paid back for their shirts.
Thinking of printing two shirts for each active. 
### We want to put together a recruitment committee
Get away from paying for a lot of food.
We want at least 1 weekly meeting with the committee outside of Monday meetings, and they'll bring ideas to Monday meetings so we can vote on ideas.

# New Business
Emails came out from Ricardo. He asked Doug for a follow up email response. We all need to email back Ricardo and say thank you, or got it.

# Spring Break

### Beach
Airbnb for the beach. 8 people are meeting, all actives are going, and two of their partners. 
Do something Monday. Instead of Long Beach, they're thinking of Laguna beach or Huntington beach.
- **Monday, April 1st**

### Hot Springs
Second proposed event: Hike up to the hot springs.
- Deep Creek Hot Springs
- We're doing the non hike version
- **Friday, April 5th**
- **It might rain**
### Shooting Trip
- We need to send money to buy ammo
- **Sunday, April 7th** 






