## Covered by lectures 12 & 13


1.  How do companies assess weaknesses in the security of the external/internal cloud services they leverage?  How do companies determine their own security needs?  What are shared responsibilities when evaluating security requirements for a cloud service provider?  What are SLAs, and how do you mitigate Vendor lock-in?  How do companies plan service migration and cloud provisioning? What items should a company plan prior to provisioning new cloud services, and what problems should they avoid?

There are multiple ways that companies assess weaknesses in the security of the external/internal cloud services they leverage. They do this by using a mix of risk assessments, security audits, and continuous monitoring. It is essential for organizations to perform security assessments to identify potential vulnerabilities in cloud configurations, access controls, and third-party services. They can also submit to third-party audits to meet compliance standards such as FedRAMP. The way a company would determine their own security needs is by ensuring that their cloud security aligns with their business goals and risk tolerance, and by considering their data sensitivity and compliance requirements. Not every company will have the same risk appetites, and not every company will handle the same type of data, meaning they will need to comply with whichever standards apply to the data they're servicing. Shared responsibilities for when evaluating security requirements for a cloud servicer provider, is when security is a shared responsibility between the cloud provider, and the customer. The responsibility of the relationship will depend on which service model the client is using. For example, in IaaS environments, the provider is responsible for the physical security, networking, and hardware, whereas the client is responsible for the OS security, applications, and data. To ensure shared responsibility, both roles must be clearly defined, and the provider must confirm their compliance with required security frameworks. SLAs are formal contracts between a cloud service provider and their client. It lists critical business related information such as: Availability, performance metrics, support response times, data recovery and backup, security and compliance, etc. One way to avoid vendor lock-in is to use a multi-cloud strategy. Spreading their services across multiple providers can help avoid the dependency of using just one. Companies plan for service migration and cloud provision through carefully thought out, multi-phase approaches to reduce risk and hope for a smooth transition. It's starts by assessing what should be migrated to the cloud, or retired. They go through a series of phases that start by assessing their organizational needs, then evaluating whether the cloud is compatible with their various security and performance needs. They have to determine a migration strategy in regards to the timeline of which services will move to the cloud, including downtime windows and rollback plans. In regards to cloud provisioning, they can do it with automated provision tools such as Terraform and Ansible. When it comes to prior planning to provision new cloud services, they need to plan for compliance requirements, data governance, monitoring and logs, and security architecture. For problems to avoid, they need to be mindful about the complexity of migrating services to the cloud, lack of testing, and ignoring vendor limits. 


2.  What are the reasons for adopting cloud services versus using on-premise services?  What common issues should companies consider when considering system requirements and why (provide at least five issues in detail and explain why they are essential - be thorough)?

There are several reasons for adopting cloud services over on-premise services, and most of the reasons include flexibility, scalability, and cost-efficiency. Some organizations host services that range in needs over the year. Sometimes they'll have spikes in network usage, and in those times, it's cheaper to use a cloud that offers scalability, than it is to buy extra equipment and let it collect dust when it's no longer being used. Because of this, it's cost efficient since you only pay as you go. It's also a lot faster to deploy than it is to manually setup hardware and configure the necessary applications. Reasons to choose to remain with on-premise services is that you have greater control over the hardware and software of those services, and another reason is that they can sometimes run highly customized applications better on premise. There are five common issues that companies should consider when evaluating system requirements. They include Security requirements, performance and scalability needs, Compliance and Regulatory needs, Integration and compatibility, and Cost management and budgeting. Security is important, because poorly defined requirements could potentially lead to a breach or data loss. To negate this problem, organizations need to consider solutions such as access control, logging, IAM roles, etc. Performance is important to keep up with user demand for normal and peak operations. Organizations need to consider computer resource needs such as network throughput, CPU and memory, disk I/O, etc. Compliance and regulatory is important because failure to keep up with these standards could lead to fines and legal action. This can be resolved through auditing and third-party certifications. Integration and compatibility is important because without it, migrating wouldn't be supported, and it would suck to spend a lot of money just to roll back. This can be avoided be confirming API support, and evaluating OS & database compatibility. Lastly there's cost management and budgeting. This is important because without cost controls, the cost of migrating can grow too expensive where the cost of supporting this type of infrastructure would out weigh the benefit. This can be avoided by calculating all of the organizations needs, setting up budgeting alerts, and having a clear understanding of the cloud providers services on whether it's using reserved or on-demand pricing. 