Controlled Unclassified Information
Module 1.2 What is CUI?
- Bins where documents that are held for 50 years because of federal regulations.
- Watch the videos on my own time

### 1.2.1 What is the difference between CUI and FOUO?

For Official Use Only
- Professor brought up the example of the CSUSB logo, and how there's an approval process for using them
- Controlling how their logo is being used

She then mentioned controlled information for different organizations
- Controlling PII
- Controlling Credit

What do banks audit?
- Preventing Fraud
- Pretending to be our bank, or credentials to access accounts. 
- How do we prevent unauthorized users from logging into our accounts

Calendars need to be protected. Someone can easily lie and pretend to impersonate someone because they have calendar information. 

What data do marketers need to protect?
- Proprietary Marketing strategies

Media people, what should they protect?
- They don't know lol

Asset security audit for entertaining business.
- Intellectual property for scripts, concepts, movie ideas.
- Actors need to sign an NDA.


California has the strictest security policies
New or old? We decided we're a 20 year old bank. 
Our bank might be 4 years too late for the new 2020 policies.

We want to do an audit
- POS systems
- External locks
- Logging system

We're doing a consulting bid. We're gonna talk about how we're gonna do it. 

I will put together all the research.. Research turns into content which then turns into the presentation. 
- We need to create a feedback loop
- What are we researching and how are we gonna put it in a presentation?
- Give ourselves enough time to build our structure, make sure everyone's in the same page. 

Suggested to use chatGPT to help narrow down policies. California has A LOT of policies. It could give us the exact point of a policy. 
"I want a policy that can be applied to credit unions."' "Tell my instances on how credit unions have been hacked and why".

Content builder: Works with team leader. After phase 2, we might scare them first. This union lost this much money, got sued, all this. **We think we can help you**. This is what we would do, and this is what we would do for you. 
Presentation builder: pdf creator, the data graph makers,. 
- We give them research, and they make it pretty.
