# Google Cloud
https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/01A225-D49DFA-86A6B1/reports/tabular?authuser=1&organizationId=871326065864


We registered with Google cloud and redeemed a coupon.

Email verification using google dorking
https://medium.com/@as-squirrel/5-advanced-google-dork-queries-for-osint-email-identification-029aac330c41  

Google Cloud (Registering):
https://vector.my.salesforce-sites.com/GCPEDU?cid=7itS0%2B94bHwMd8U6mtmjBpuHx%2Fi4XEFnRpKArZ6PHV1qGQTq5QczDP4TmNK%2BI3%2Be/  
  
NCL
https://nationalcyberleague.org/competition


Open pentesting (Whitebox)
- Intstructions, here is what you need to do

Closed pentesting (blackbox)
- No instru tions given
- Hack away

Grey box 
- You get a set of instructions, but you don't get them all.

**In this class, we're doing a white box/ grey box scenario**

Our target is metasploitable 2, but we don't know any IPs

## Terminal
1. sudo netdiscover
	1. Scans the whole network and finds some boxes.
2. 172.16.23.137 is our target. Ethernet address of Metasploitale 2. **Mine could be different**
		1. Suggest to look at **RTFM** and look at page 97. This provides a list of commands that can be ran using nmap.
3. ping 172.16.23.137
	1. Now we need to see what ports are open
4. nmap 172.16.23.137
5. Open wireshark, and look at eth0.
6. He pointed out that 2000 scans happened in less than 2 seconds
	1. Very loud and noobish
7. Someone suggested to use promiscuous mode or a stealth scan. 
8. -S changes the source of where the ping is coming from 
	1. Spoof MAC address


Emporer is god, god sees  everything.

Sea is the scan. 

He wants us to create a stealthy nmap scan. 
**If we don't mention that we're a student doing research in the prompt. chatGPT won't give us the answer**. 

9. We see a bunch of open ports, but we don't know what services they're running. 
10. nmap -sV 172.16.23.137
	1. Service Versioning
11.  We can now identify the name and the OS. 
12. **Focus on service ftp, *vsftpd 2.3.4***
13. searchsploit vsftpd 2.3.4
	1. Common vulnerability library, and will search any exploit known to man.
14. Notice that on unix remote, there is a metasploit library....
15. **legion**. It's an open source vulnerability scanner. It gives more than nmap. 
16. Use legion to target 172.16.23.137
17. Results were the same.

Professor doesn't recommend OpenVAS because it's been deprecated/ abandoned.

He opened metasploit....

msf6 > use exploit/unix/ftp/vsftpd_234_backdoro
msf6 > exploit(unix/ftp/vsftpd_234_backdoor) >

**FIRST QUIZ IS ON TUESDAY October 1st**
30 minutes, uses cyberlab. 
- Professor want to tell us what it's on.
- He recommends going over the pre assessment quiz

## Lockpick
Record yourself and do it.
Have someone in the lab confirm that I did it. 