
## Suggested changes

Online meeting due to rain, not an official meeting so we can't vote.
We are highlighting over them to discuss them next week.

#### Daniel shows the suggested changes
Changing quarter from semester. 
Provide an excuse 24 hours prior to the meeting, rather than before.
Changes to 3.3 and 3.4, not sure which article (before 3)
Article 5, 1.2
Getting rid
Fines can be nullified by the treasuerer 
Minimum grade point average, from 2.6 to 2.0
Steve suggests that whatever we vote on, it will take effect immediately. 
Change to 1.6
Only required to greet in uniform.
Changes to 4.2
10.2 changes

### Moving onto flyers
Who's bringing games for this wednesday
- Doug suggested poker set
- Jessie suggested dominos
- Doug suggested he bring his playstation
- Daniel suggest cards against humanity. 

Daniel is in charge of the flyers, Doug talked about them.
- Updated movie night with speedway
- Keep movie night for a social event

### Speedway will be moved to the 21st. 

## Moving onto risk management assessment
Mass email that got sent to us
chapter officers and advisors

# Affadavit due feburary 15th!!
Email sent by Fred.
Will be used through Docusign

# Risk Reduction Affadavit possible name???
Dec 6th?? Diego claims he got it last week. 

Important Due Dates - Spring Risk Management Assessment Feburary 15th
- Email sent from anthony tortalini
- Email was only sent to Diego, he's going to ask Fred about it.

Diego will confirm if we have two important dates coming up or only one.

Candidate fees and initation fees?
- They want the fees paid 3 days before each ceremony. (Unsure who they are)
- Steve suggests we continue doing what we are already doing, but make sure they pay atleast the day of the ceremony,
- Diego reminds us that we'll be charged $5 late fee per candidate.

## Touching up on the academic thing
Someone wants grades to be checked every 2 weeks.
Steve wants something in writing, the only pressing thing we have is changing the bylaws.
Steve wants something drafted, in writing for us.
- If the GPA is lowered, the only person who won't be affected is AJ

### Anthony confirmed financial problems are resolved

# Steve can't make it to next mondays meeting
Steve asked Anthony to text the zelle that will be used. $1250 will be sent to the account.

## Anthony and Doug are being asked to go to a wednesday meeting by headquarters
Meeting with HQ is at 3pm.
They both can't make it, diego will make it to the meeting.
Steve is giving an open invitation to anyone else who wants to go.

# I pitched the calendar idea and everyone agreed.

Keep everything on the chapter account

### Steve speech

Things are frustrating with rush
- Spring rush, traditionally low, not surprising.
- Natural to get a little frustrated
- Hanging in there
- Natural to have self doubt
- Two solid guys is way better than 5 to 10 mediocre guys

# Steve joins the call
Dino came in and pushed franklin, sterling, and edgar to have a rush.
They had recruitment, and added two new people. 
- Don't need a large spring class
- Suggests we be more organized
- WE did not do enough as a group
- IFC Recruitment is bad at CSUSB
- We need to get our act together

Dino suggests we take an assessment and don't blame each other, because we're all to blame.
- Stop and create an assessment
- Create a plan of action
- We need to decide how we're going to move together

#### Bid day is 26th of this month

Essentially we have 3 weeks to find a class of

Monday is bid day, which means they should be initiated 8pm that chapter meeting.
Monday should be candidate initiation day.

Diego says in the presidents meeting, that since theres no plan, we can plan our own bid day and ceremony.

Both events on the 26th. 

# The plan is to have both events on the same day

Why do they need more time? 
Diego suggests the bid on the 26th and the ceremony on the 28th

### Reasons why to have the ceremony on the same day
- It used to mean more, they don't need to figure out if they want to join. They know.
- Our schedules might conflict and we might not all show up
- Put them on the spot, we need to move forward. 
- We are professionals, decisions need to be made.
- It used to be this way, including with the sororities.

We have to send a signal that we are important
- "Oh no it's fine, we can move important dates to fit your schedule"
- This gives the message that Sigma Nu is not important
- We need to make Sigma Nu more meaningful

Because we pushed the rush dates, we had to move the candidate program\

### When are candidate meetings?
Chapter meetings are on Monday. 
People doing lead will do it on thursday.
Candidate meetings are on wednesday.

We are a candidate class and not refounding

Lead is a candidate date, no actives can attend
- Safe space for candidates
- Dino suggests that we each rotate the lead 1 phase session
- He wants us all to pick a lead session and facilitate it

Actives are welcome to come and see what's going on, BUT ACTIVES CANNOT DOMINATE THE LEAD SESSION (atleast whoever isn't running)

# Important to have the end in mind, otherwise we'll go in circles
- Having the end in mind sets a clear goal

Bid and initial ceremony on the 26th

Preference is on the 23rd (Friday)
- Olive garden
- Steve suggests bringing an alumni to give a speech
Jessie suggests speedy
- Dino reminds that Friday is a busy day for him
- Suggests finding a backup, both Steve and Dino can't make it
- Maybe matemori, chris, speedy, doug krouss, derrick, 
- First two suggestions are Speedy and Derrick

### Moving onto the next event before preference
21st, go karts
We're doing this because we didn't want movie night as an event
What are we trying to accomplish with go karts?
Whats the end game in mind?
- Bonding experience, an opportunity to get to know the people you're rushing setting
- But are we really talking? If we're racing?
- We're going to be a smaller group among non sigma nu's with plenty of woman around
- How much is it? can we afford it? Diego was going to use groupon

Studies show that high stress environments, bond people together. We have endorphins kicking in. We're competing, indocrin system, we'll bond closer.

When we plan we need a budget. Action event.

### Moving on to the 12th
BBQ. There are 9 days inbetween with nothing going on
- That's a good number of days with no contact with the PMs
- Dino suggests an event on the 17th, 18th, 19th (Weekend)

### Diego needs to lookup how much SB racing is on the 21st 
Club center drive, is that a decent place?
We must have a head stock ($4), and a racing licentse ($7)
- Three race special weekday is $52, maybe to two candidates, along with everyone here is maybe $600


### We're thinking of what we need to do too late
All this should have already been done
Dino promises we will have fall rush planned for March

Batting cages, place we can play golf at a bar (hourly), top golf.

Dino is suggesting a leadership meeting on the 18th at Jerseys
- Foosball in the side room

# Plan so far
15th KBBQ  (6-8)
18th leadership (dan can talk about leadership opportunites)
Jessie goes to 
21st at racing
23rd preference
26th  bid

Steve wants Jessie to make start times for everything

### Specifics for KBBQ
We're suggesting to meet at KBBQ at six
- Steve thinks we should all meet at campus at the same time before leaving to KBBQ.
- We look serious about meet times.
- We should leave at 5:30

#### Questions to ask
How do we position people at the table, what should we talk about?
should we get them all in one car? No
What kind of questions should we ask??
- How long have you been at Cal State??
- Are you living at the dorms?
- What's your major?
- NONE OF US CAN AFFORD TO BE QUIET SINCE WE'RE SMALL

**If our ducks are not in a row, there's no point in tabling**

#### Specifics for jerseys
We are meeting on campus at 5:45
We are all meeting at the same place, University Hall
- Dan can talk about lead
- AJ can talk about the candidate program
- Dino wants us to practice
- Jessie will talk about collegiate chapters
## Dino wants to hear the speech from both on them on the 12th

## Dino wants a powerpoint from jessie about the collegiate program by next week

Dan and AJ will bring a candidate book


### SB racing details
Leave at 5:30 
We go racing for an hour,
We hangout at Dougs after, but we all leave at 9:45
- We set boundraies, to set expectations
- Shows we're serious about school

### Preference details
Friday 6-8
Olive garden, jessie has booked
We are all going to dress formerly, suit & tie
- Get a nice suit jacket, go to a thrifft store and get one
- If we can't find one text Steve or Dino

### Ceremony details
candidate ceremony at 8, preparation at 7

Where will candidate meetings be?
- UH, same room
- Are we allowed to use it, or do we need to book it
- Dino remembers it only being open at 8

Dino wants a consistent time and room

### Lead sessions
Dino thinks it should be less formal, not in the same room
- If we put lead in a classroom, it becomes class like.
- Anthony suggested unoccupied on the second floor of the SMSU North

Separate lead and candidate sessions


## What's the point of tabling?
Why is a table to recruit?
- Imagery, to display plaques, photos, brotherhood events
- To give a presenation of what our chapter is

The table is a center point. Gives us a point to rally in a spot to talk to people
- To display

Where do we setup? 
- Coyote walk. Other fraternities meet there. Lots of traffic.
- We want the table at 9, why?
	- Advantage to get a good spot
- Why do other frats do it at 10:30?
- Why do we setup at 9 or 9:30?
	- Not too many people walking around
- Do we want to table to 10 - 1. 10 - 2
- 

Are we allowed to recruit inside the student center?
- Not much foot traffic

Whats the value of having a table, even if it's inside?
- Hows jessies friends going to meet us?

Tabling indoors?
- Student Union, we all wear our letters, and just hangout
- Do we have materials to hand out? Flyers, but they're not ready

Who's going to make copies for flyers tomorrow morning.

We'll talk about how to be active.

### Tabling on wednesday will depend on if it's raining
Dino suggests we all meet 
Student union north on lunch time
CGI building
- Dino admits it's harder to talk to people indoors

How do we talk to people when it rains all the way to friday.

### Mon, wed, thurs, friday. Student union at 10:30
Chance to invite people to classes. regroup for tables

### How are we going to talk to people as they pass by
We're gonna do pairs. Two people at a time, we'll feel more confident.
- We'll have a chance to pair off of each other
- Don't face each other, face out
- Politelty pull peopel to the side. Good morning, have you ever throught about joining a fraternity? Being a leader on campus, being more active on campus?

### Events we forgot to talk about
Club fair, 15th (day)
-  What time? We don't know yet
- We're not tabling that day, we'll be there
- Guessing from 10 - 2
Meet the greeks (8th)
- Last januray it was 7-9 PM
- Play it by ear

#### If we don't recruit we die

### Club fair and meet the greeks need to be on the flyer

## Dino requested to be added to the group chat 

## What do we do at meet the greeks
There is something we need to hand to them
Can jessie bring his friends to us? Jessie will contact them.
- Eyleus and juan

Dino suggest that Jessie introduces us, then leaves
- Go to the bathroom, that way they have a chance to talk to us
- Two different groups, one group talking to juan and the other to eulesis

#### We need to print off a sign in sheet
- Piece of paper
- It's a notebook, Dino suggests a clipboard

Dino suggests that Jessie should lead the charge to talk to other people, while we're meeting his friends.

Dino suggests that we shouldn't just give away 


# People in our classes who might be interested

#### How should we approach people we think should join our fraternity?
- Introduce ourselves
	- Hey I just came back from tabling, have you ever thought about joining a fraternity
	- Nah, not for me. No problem!
- Hey guys, I'm walking to tabling, want to join me and talk about it with us.


## When we're talking to people, we should hand them something
Get the flyers printed

Meet the greeks, and club fair TBA

## Dino wants the PM list filled by Friday
- Next week we're going to talk about how we're going to call them

# Friendly competition
Whoever brings in the most names, or people that end up comitting
In order to have quality, you need quantity.
- We need quantity to get to quality

## Dino will go to victorville monday nights, and driving up on thursdays
Whoever gets the most names, Dino will take out to dinner

## Speedy says if we get 10 candidates, he's buying us letters

Dino will think of something cooler, he'll get us something cool.

## When's the last time we want to table?


Decide on the 15th how long we want to table
- We can 

DIno thinks 10 to 2 makes sense
Wave of people at 4??
- Jessie

#### Schedule for next semester
10 - 2, 3 - 5 

### New schedule this semester, 10 - 2

### How do we stay ontop of our classes?
Study hours?
- Structure our time to have fun and study, in order to be more productive
- Hard core studies for 20 minutes at a time, 10 minutes off
- Phenomenally productive


### Dino wants us to have a formal after recruitment
Shandon hills, idea.





