

Diego said 3 speakers from presidents meeting. 

## Presidents retreat

The sorority or fraternity that brings the most people from their organization, will win a free lunch =

Mentioned there will be a half time performance (Not sure for which event sorry) where we can be shown on the jumbo tron, we just have to request it ahead of time.  

Event planners, if we want a table it's $6, Chairs are 65 cents, if we want them delivered somewhere, they're $30, if we want it setup, we have to give them a diagram, and it would cost $50

Classrooms are free if we rent them out ahead of time.  President, VP, and treasurer can rent out a room. If they see alcohol in the classroom, or provide, they'll charge. They'll charge $25 if we leave the room a mess, charge will depend on how bad the mess is. 


## Strike
We won't be rushing this week because some classes are cancelled. 
The 30th is the start of rushing. Any day after Feb 5th, we can start planning for events. 
Other orgs, mentioned they don't want to be around when it's rushing? Some frats and sorts said they won't rush this week because of the strike

**Steve:** Dino said the strike can only last five 

Diego told Marco, that we're starting to plan for our own dates. He was told that IFC didn't have anything scheduled. 

Meet the Greeks is on Feb. 1st, and it starts at 7pm

Feb 15, there is another club fair, doesn't know the time. Diego will ask if it's just for greek life or school clubs

Consultation on the 27th

Diego wants to ask Ricardo if we can have a virtual consultation, instead of an in-person meeting.

**Steve**: Suggested to ask him first if Ricardo already arranged travel. We'll check his travel arrangements first before inconveniencing him. 

Diego wants to meet Anthony for new badges and ritual books. Wants to start making orders for next week. 

## Recruitment

Jessie has days finalized. Strike ends on 26th. Jessie arranged a rented room for game night. Wednesday 31st.

No events from January 22nd to the 26th. 

### Anthony asks about candidacy program
Doug doesn't want things to happen on finals week.

Chris suggest crunching some of the lead sessions to make time. Also suggests 2 lead sessions a week. 

Chapter and lead will be in separate meetings. Steve agrees with the idea of having two lead sessions a week. 

Thinking of shrinking lead programs into 10 weeks. 

Doug agrees with making sure lead doesn't go into finals
Diego agrees because of spring break, and other school holidays.

Jessie agrees with preference dinner on Friday, to have the weekend to talk. 

Daniel types - *The purpose of the 12 week program for the candidates was to have it split up into 3 sections so if we have to change it to 10 no issue we would just have to reroute some things
I definitely think recruitment is the more important part though*

Everyone agrees

Chris asks if we focus on teaching sigma nu history, or the lambda chi history.
Suggests to build it into the candidacy program.  

Diego says we should start events on February 5th. Jessie suggests Feb 9th for an event. On the 9th, Jessie suggests bowling, it's not reserved because the dates got pushed back.

Speedy mentions that Friday is the busiest night. Speedy says the ideal night depends on how many people we bring. Speedy says if it's under 16, he can arrange a night, and asks that we keep him informed with the number of people we bring. We can do Friday if we keep it under 16. 

## **We confirmed bowling 7 - 10 pm on Feb 9th**

## **We Confirmed game night for Feb 7th. 6 - 8 pm**

Doug suggests printing flyers, and asking everyone to carry and pass around. 
Diego asks that minimum three actives show up to help set things up for game night. 
We need to decide games to bring, Diego suggested bingo, Jessie said a game called unstable unicorns. Still deciding on more games. 

Diego reminds us that during events no one can drink. Last thing we want is a P&M  asking if we're okay. 

3rd event is a BBQ

Feb 14th, on a wednesday.  **Can't work**
We were told that we can't do it because we don't have a food license. Not a food handler license problem. Nothing about serve safe, the school has a contract with someone, and because of that, they can't allow any 3rd parties to serve food. 

Diego suggests Pizza Hut for 3rd event. Matthew mentioned concerns of there being beer in these restaurants. Guests may be tempted to drink. Thinking of KBBQ. Issues brought up is that it's a drive, and $20 a person. Suggested Fire wings, but concerns of price.
Diego wants something within the budget. Doug asks for the budget. Doug and Mario offered to give rides from campus. 

**We confirmed KBBQ (red castle) for 3rd event. Feb 12th**
Matthew reminds us that the super bowl is on the 11th. We decided to keep the date because none of us plan to get hangovers.

4th event, movie night. Jessie wants a movie that everyones already seen. Speedy suggests we watch Van Wilder. Looking like we might stay with this movie. 

Doug heard that we can't be seen with Sorority girls during rush. We'll confirm if it's true.

## **We confirmed movie night on feb 14th for movie night. ** Diego suggests 6 - 8 pm. 

### Preference dinner
16th or 23rd. 
Diego is leaning towards the 23rd. 
## **We confirmed Olive garden, 6 - 8pm on 23rd**

Steve suggested to TBD the 21st because we have nothing else going on that entire week. 

Diego wants flyers ready for January 30th

Dates have been set. 

---
Jessie pitches a social with Sigma Pi Alpha soroity on the 21st 

Diego suggests social with sig ep, after social

Speedy suggests that it's not a good idea to have a social with sororities and PMs together, because if it doesn't go well, we don't want to scare off any potential PMs. Other Alumni agree. 

Speedy asks if we have letters, only Doug does.

---

**We agreed to have a social after rush**
Doug offers his place for over the weekend. Mentions he has the place to himself. 

## Bylaws
Steve mentions that we have Bylaws, 
Steve asks that we have two people work with Daniel on revisioning Bylaws. Anthony and Diego volunteered.

Recruitment meeting on Jan 29th, and first chapter meeting is on the 5th of Feb. Asks that we dress appropriate and are ready to conduct ritual.
Chris wants to do lead on Thursdays. 

Diego wants to do meetings on Monday at 7pm. Hard stop an hour later. Chapter meeting is more information based rather than workshops. That's what committees are for.  

Matthew asked that we make sure new ritual books are ordered. We're going to check on the state of the books. No meetings are scheduled with Ricardo yet. 

FIN