
Everyone is present, except for Anthony

Jessie arrived 14 minutes late

Meeting started at 7:20 PM

# Officer reports

#### E.C
- A hazing investigation was opened to Marco by Diego
	- Diego claimed we made anti gay rules and lowered the GPA requirements. Hazing accusations were thrown around. 
	- Doug clarified the non-hazing issues with Marcos. 
	- Marcos reached out to fred doubry. Dino called Fred. Everyone is aware of the siuation. The instigators are no longer part of chapter. **We currently don't know Marcos plan of action as of now.**
	- The ARB will conduct the trial code. Most likely, the trial will be virtual, and they won't show up. 
- Getting a trial code in order 

##### Dino Called
Chasen from HQ, he's an expansion guy working for Pomona. He wants to come see us this Sunday or Next Sunday.
#### L.T
- We need to pay Derrick for the shirts. It will be $340. 
- *We shouldn't let Dom or AJ off the hook*
	- AJ owes candidate dues among other dues.
	- Dom is in possession of Fraternity Assessts: The dude, Badge.

### Treasurer
- We made our first installment of 3600
- Dues need to be paid by the 15th


### Recorder
-  Roster is up to date
- Put Domonick in a dropped candidate status
- Email HQ

### Marshal
- Nothing

### Recruitment
- Tik Tok is up and running

# Tabling bylaws
Not enough time
# Debrief from Marcos
We're probably going to be talked to personally from the school, and asked about our personal experience
- Be truthful

# AirSoft / Paintball
A women was tabling outside for reduced ticket paintball tickets
For $60, we got 24 games worth. We still need to rent gear
- The boys talked the women down to getting two sheets for $60, a $120 value
- The location is in Chino
- The largest paintball arena in the world.
**Instead of Airsoft we're doing paintballing**
**The tickets don't expire until the end of the year**
- They recommended to do it on a Sunday

We're thinking of moving the date to the 31st
- Can't do that because Jessie and Anthony will be in Vegas

##### Made Plans
Paintball on the March 24th
Interview with Chasen on the 17th of March
Poker night, Invite MSG Sorotrity and PNMs... on March 15th, 7pm. 

# KD invited us to a philo
Kappa Delta reached out and asked us if we wanted to send a nomination by the **15th**.
- EC will contact us on Wednesday.
- Atleast 1 person will go. 

# Open Recruitment
Jessie was asked how open recruitment is going
- No update
Steve asked about our action plan
- We haven't finished it
Steve asked when meetings start
- Show up on time. Do not make excuses

Steve resigned as the ARB chair.
Jameson is taking it over, the logistics of dealing with HQ.

Steve will be here as chapter advisors when needed.

On the other side, there's just as many people who are disorganized on the ARB side. 

Steve reminds us of his commitment to us. 


# Action plan
We will meet up this Sunday for the action plan.
We just need to make incremental improvements. 
- Follow through on what's established, and work on the other stuff.

According to Marcos, we missed our time slot for the Philanthropy.
- Steve suggests doing a small philanthropy. 

### Skipping roses and thorns
Not enough time.



