
Everyone is present, except for Anthony

Jessie arrived 7 minutes late

Meeting started at 6:36 PM

## All future meetings are in room CoE 108

# Officer Reports

## E.C
Meeting with Fred scheduled. It involves Diego. It is happening 3/19/2024. 
Active members do not have to be present.

## L.T.
Got the invoice from Doug and Athony. It should be paid so we don't have to worry about that.

## Treasurer
Nothing to report

#### Assistant treasurer

## Recorder
Sent email to EQ confirming the updated roster

## Marshall
We need to put down people we want to extend a bid to.
Considering: Gavin, Gabriel, and Chris.
We need their full name, student ID and email.

## Recruitment Chair
Invited Gabriel to Poker. No response, however, he agreed to come to session 2 next Tuesday.
Bhargov is working now, however, he got a new job and will be returning to India over the summer. He thinks he can't join this semester. We're going to reach out to him again ensure him that it shouldn't be a problem to join this semester.
Chris and Gavin are coming to poker.

# Old business
Bylaws are **Table**

# Poker night
We're considering making poker night a brotherhood routine, every Friday. 
Not mandatory. Open to the public. We want to invite the sorority girls again.

Daniel and Doug talked to random people they met on campus and in class who they invited to poker night. There's someone in the soccer team Doug wants to invite to poker night.

# Recruitment event

#### Loans
Discussing how we could possibly set up a fundraiser event for loans and make an ultimatum, but deciding not to do it because they're not showing enough interest

#### Tabling
Outside of recruitment schedule, and it would make us look bad because other greeks are tabling for Philo's.

Suggesting that we should be recruiting people by making personal connections with people in our classes and clubs.

We were asked to meet someone new **everyday** and report new names to Doug. 

#### Website
Adding a "Are you interested" feature on the website.

# Action plan


#### Reviewing communication expactions
Timely responses to emails and and group chats
"Put fraternity above everything else, besides school, or we die"

## Spring break 
- Going to Long Beach and doing a BBQ
- Hot spings trip

#### Recruitment
Need something cheap and quick
- Bowling - 5pm Thursday, coyote lanes

# Social
Paint eggs with KD on the 30th
- We're going to ask for KD for help in planning the event
- We're thinking of possibly getting a room on campus or doing it on Coyote Lane
- We'll talk later about where to get the eggs, paint, who to talk to get a room, and table 











