
Role call: All is present except for Anthony

#### Reports
**From now on, we all need to have something to report** 
1. Doug came back from the AFLV where he learned things related to rush  (Lt..)
2. Daniel wants us to have a set schedule for the meeting
3. I (Mario) need to Email Fred Dobry and Anthony Tortini that the roster report has been updated.
4. Daniel mentions that he needs to get LEAD sessions going this week, no more critical dates to take out. It's still scheduled as a 10 week. (Marshal)
5. Jessie brings up a basketball game **March 8th 8PM (School Arena)**, and **Coyote con (Saturday March 16th).**  We still need to change the IG password. Doug wants us on Tik Tok, Snapchat, as well as revamping our instagram. Doesn't care to revamp Facebook. Doug brings up advertising on Snapchat for incoming freshman(Recreuitment)

# Voting bylaws
Updating Article Two, section 1.2 so that instead of voted by council, it is voted by present chapter.

Found a few typos. 
## **Bylaws have been tabled** 

# Action plan
We skipped over topics that we haven't talked about yet.

#### Philo
Alphi Phi's have a phili this week from the 10th to the 15th of this month. We're asked to show up to their table and support.

#### Finances
We can't spend over 2000. We don't *Need* a fundraiser, but we're suggested to do one anyways.
Steve suggest click-clack for car washes. We get a percentage.

#### Social Media
We haven't had a new post on our Instagram in awhile. Doug recommends posting at least once a month, at best once a week. **Doesn't need to be flyer**, it could just be us **getting involved** on campus. Doug also suggests doing Bio pictures of members in Sigma Nu, introducing themselves. Doug also suggests doing a composite of all six of us together, naming it the refounding class and date of us. 

#### Brotherhood events
We came up with 15 ideas.
On **March 22nd**, we're doing a **poker night** at Dougs (Or any other resident).
Our continuous open bidding can be our socials. An actual brotherhood event where we just want only brothers, that will be just the brothers and not PNMs. 
**Airsoft** (Friday **March 29th**, 6PM).  Rental package for the group is $375
- Jessie is going to vegas with Anthony at the end of the month, *We need to change the date*.
- We all need to have dues paid before the event.

##### **We agreed to do airsoft on the 22nd of March, 6 PM**
Suggested doing poker on the 29th

There is a punk show on Saturday March 30th, the Void "punk show"
- $5

Camping trip, mid to late April. Probably somewhere in Big Bear. 
- We need a camping & fire permit. 
- Talk to Matt for advice in good camping places around the area

##### **Cisco wants to take us out to sushi this Sunday. He'll bring his sweetheart. **

#### Involvement on campus
Every brother should be involved on campus, either be a part of a club/IFC/Student Body/Campus Job/Any 
Doug showed us coyote connect to motivate brothers and display the different clubs shown on campus. 
Daniel applied for ASI. 
Next semester, current IFC president is stepping down. VP chair is open. Doug wants all of us to apply. 

# Moving onto how we do recruitment
We want to do a COMB (Continuous open bidding).
No pledge classes. HQ doesn't have restrictions on this. Requirements are lead sessions, and if they do that we can get them initiated anyway we want. We held off all this, because we did all of this  as a tradition. Formal Recruitment doesn't work like it once did, we need a revamp. Doug suggests moving to COMB, we just need to figure it out. All candidates need to do 10 lead sessions.

Steve mentions that redlands does something similar to this. You have to come to a lead session as a guest, however many, and they would show interest that way. We could rush them if we show interest.

We have five people invited to Tuesday. Tomorrow, we're inviting people over to Dougs house. Doug asked us to buy chips and soda to bring to the event. Doug suggests not talking to them like we did during rush. Make some informal connections, get to know them and show them what we're like as brothers. 
Doesn't sound feasible to meet them on tuesday, do ritual on wednesday, and LEAD on Thursday.
- Doug suggests aiming to get them initiated next week.
Doug suggests holding a lead session this Thursday, inviting them over to see who's interested.
- They won't be behind ***If*** they should up on Thursday.

# Revamping the candidacy program

We were concerned of schedule conflicts Chris hosting LEAD sessions. They reminded us that alumni is there to make sure we don't go off on tangents, but it is up to us to host LEAD sessions. 

Dougs suggesting that we do COMP until we get back on our feet. There's a possibility that we don't need to go back to the traditional method. 

##### **We can move the initiation date**
We can have lead sessions with PNMs even if they're unitiated

Chris will reach out to Jamie and ask him about the program, and ask how other chapters are running LEAD sessions. 

Steve asks if LEAD sessions need to be done Chronologically in order to make sense. They don't, but we're suggesting that each new candidate starts at lead 1.
- We're no longer a class, we're doing lead. 

Steve reminds us that we're seeing incremental improvement. Finances are getting stablized. We're seeing an attempt to stablize grades. We are having continuous, positive movements. We should do the right things, showing up to the meetings on time. 

##### Not sure if we need to vote the changes of recruitment
Steve is okay with us doing COMP without voting. 

##### Doug brings up again that the president and VP positions are open in the IFC
Claims that no one is applying, and if we apply, we get in. 
If we apply for the IFC, it looks good for rock chapter. We also get in the good graces of Cal State. 


## Doug wants every brother to go to some kind of greek life activity
Mentions Multicultural greeks
Koa mentioned doing a beach event


Sig ep holds grudges against PNMs who turn down their bids, we won't do that.
Doug brings up Gustavo, and Gustavo shared with us that he was scarred to turn us down

Steve reminds us, that at one point, we need to flip it over and say hey, we want you to join us. 
We responded with an organic approach and making friends first. 

Steve asks a rhetorical question, have we reached out to AJ or Diego? 

Doug suggests reaching back to them and asking if they want to join us tomorrow. 
Steve reminds us that we're giving PNMs a second chance, but not brothers. 
- We can be the better man

Steve suggests that we can give them their badge, or all congratulate them in a text.

Thinking of possibly inviting AJ to come grab his bag, not sure if that's a good idea because we wont invite Diego
- We'll talk more about it tonight.


# Conclusion
We'll plan the camping trip and the philo.
We tabled the Bylaws.



