
Meeting started on Time

Everyone is present, except for Anthony

Does Anthony need to do the Community EDU?
- Talks about AJ if he needs to get it done

"I move to approve the  minutes for last meetings minutes"

# Officer notes

## E.C 
Call with Ricardo. Nothing serious, just touching base. Ricardo approves of how this chapter is moving. Praying that things get better. He mentioned topics on collegiate chapters. We're figuring out if Anthony needs to do community EDU. AJ is proposed expelled, it doesn't look like there will be a trial code. Fred and Ricardo knows about AJs situation.  Hopefully we don't get charged. 
- We will contact Anthony and make sure he does it by the end of the night. They are due **May 1st 2024**

## L.T 
Somethings been paid. PDP has been submitted, Derick is looking it over. 
- Not sure what PDP is

## Treasurer
Last 12,000 has been sent to headquarters. We're now pretty much paid off

## Recorder
Nothing to report

## Recruitment
Jessie is showing us a 50 point presentation.  He learned how to reach chapter builder. Discussed themes and shirts. Some events are on there. 
- Coming back into the slides, couldn't find it in time.

# Chris's speech
Chris has taken over for Steve as chapter advisor. Chris will be here at the meetings to help and guide us. To walk with us and help us as best he can. He'll be a leader with us, to help this chapter excel and come back with force. We will build it up to what we want. Will follow the guidelines to make it happen.
For recruitment, Chris talked to Marcos this morning. He gave us the allowance to 12 days of tabling during the freshman orientation. coyote fest for freshman table from 8 PM to 12:30 PM. 

### Dates
**June 4th, 6th, 10th, 12th, 17th, 20th, 24th, and the 26th. From 8pm to 10:30 pm**. All the houses will be able to table, but we will use this as an opportunity for recruitment. 

This gives us time to figure out hand outs, QR codes, however we want to help them. Another idea we had is to make an email letter. We do the work and get their addresses with the QR codes, and use it to send them a welcome letter that we can send to the students and their parents.

**May 3rd**, Marcos wanted Chris to know about the fraternity and sorority transparency act, and the roster sent by that date.  We have to mention as many events we've done that we can remember. It's important to list anything that involves any kind of income, and donations. 
- The only fundraising we've done is speedy's march madness
- The only money we've used was for rush events
If campus doesn't hit quotas in the fall, they will talk about how they're going to help the big and little process.

# Jessies presentation

## Fall 2024 Rush
Casino themed. Our budget is 1,000. We can probably cut it down to 650. 

Slide 2 shows ideas for casino rush shirts. Daniel pulled these shirts from a website that recycles. 
- Any white shirts here we will be changed to black. 
- We liked the logo on the far bottom right. Skull hands with cards. We're discussing what to include in the front. Dice in the front, with 252 on one sleeve, and Lambda Chi in Greek on the other sleeve. 

## Event ideas
- Casino Themed BBQ
	- Consider who will cook the food, because they would not be able to talk to people. Asking Chris if he can cook. We need to figure out if we have a grill. 
	- **Unsure if there is a safe and local park to cook at**
	- We can invite alumni, but we're not relying on them to help us. If they show up, they can help us cook. 
	- We gotta think about how we're going to predict how much food to buy, and how many people will show up. 
	- We need to figure out location
- Casino Themed Escape Room
	- Expensive and you don't get an opportunity to talk to candidates
	- We need ideas with maximum interaction time, and idea that's fun.
	- **No escape room**
- Casino Night.
	- Biggest event before preference
- Ideas for preference dinner
	- BJs, Texas and Brazil (rancho)

## Ideas for mixer/info night
Daniel suggested an info night. Think about who we like and who we want to invite. 
Doug suggests that we need to think about a wide cast event. Something widely available that people want to go to.
We're going to adjust, or make a new info night event for candidates so they know what they're walking into. We could maybe do a kahoot, and give prizes to people who win. Thinking about possibly trying another game night.
Doug is suggesting a possible study or a major mixer event. Jessie recommends bringing alumni so they can talk about their majors. 
Doug is suggesting a STEM mixer. Maybe we can get Cisco to contact recent alumni so they can come by and talk about their majors. (Social)
How would we bring people into this mixer? Doug suggests **talking about this during coyote night while tabling, and talk to freshman about majors and school life**. 
- Maybe we can have that one greek movie playing in the background that {forgot his name..} was talking about. Things will come up in the movie, which freshmans will ask about 
- We can bring pizzas from Little Ceasar. Cheapest food option. 


## Recruitment and Manpower action plan
We will each get a copy. We're not all expected to do it. 
- It needs to get done before the end of the semester.
- This has never been filled out by the chapter. 

After some scrolling, We found the last recruitment plan that was completed in 2020. 
- If it's filled out, we're going to use it to help guide us in filling out the current form. 





