# 1. 
1. The process of understanding how an information system can support business needs, design the system, build it, and deliver it to users is the _____.
	1. systems development life cycle
2. Developing an information system is similar to building a house because you have to
	1.  all of these
3. The four phases of the Systems Development Life Cycle are _____.
	1.  planning, analysis, design, and implementation
4. Understanding why an information system should be built and determining how the project team will build it is part of the _____ phase of the SDLC.
	1. planning
5. The _____ is generated by the department or person that has an idea for a new information system.
	1.  system request
6. The project plan is the document that is used to _____.
	1.  describe how the project team will go about developing the proposed system
7. In which phase of the SDLC is the project plan developed?
	1. planning
8. In which phase of the SDLC is the system specification developed?
	1. design
9. The phase of the SDLC when the system is actually built or purchased is the _____.
	1. implementation
10. A development methodology that focuses on the processes as the core of the system is said to be _____.
	1. process-centered

# 2.
1. In SCRUM, teams organize themselves in a symbiotic manner and set their own goals for each ____
	1. sprint
2. Could integration between modules be a problem in parallel development methodologies?
	1. True
3. Usually, waterfall methodologies could accept a change request easier than Agile methodologies
	1. False
4. Parallel development relies on only one iteration of the analysis phase.
	1. True
5. The phase of the SDLC when the system is actually built or purchased is the _____
	1. implementation
6. Waterfall methodologies have a long time gap between the project kickoff and delivery
	1. True

# 3. 
1. Tangible Benefits are...
	1. quantifiable and assigned monetary value
2. Project managers can develop task lists for a project with the help of _____.
	1. established methodologies
3. Organizational feasibility involves
	1. management knowledge, strength of resources​, and strong relationship with top executives
4. Operational costs are...
	1. expenses for running a business
5. what's technical feasibility?
	1. The strong technical knowledge that meet the needs of the new system
6. Present value calculation takes inflation and time into account.
	1. True
7. Which of the following could be included in a technical risk assessment?
	1. No previous experience in programming
8. _____ feasibility is determined by identifying costs and benefits associated with the system.
	1. Economic
9. Time value of money
	1. a dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow
10. What is an intangible benefit?
	1. Reduction in discomfort, increased welfare issues, and increased reputation
11. Operational costs that are examined during feasibility analysis include _____.
	1. equipment upgrades
12. What is not the project development costs?
	1. Ongoing maintenance cost
13. System requests often include the project team members including the project manager and the analysts.
	1. False
14. Determining whether the new system will be compatible with the existing technology that already exists in the organization is part of the organizational feasibility study.
	1. False
15. Which of the following factors would tend to increase the technical risk of a project?
	1. large project size
16. A tangible benefit includes:
	1. reduction in staff salaries

# 4.  
1. _____ is the process of examining the technical, economic, and organizational pros and cons of developing a new system.
	1. Feasibility analysis
2. Examples of development costs include all EXCEPT _____.
	1. ongoing software licensing fees
3. The _____ is a dynamic schedule that logs and monitors all of the tasks that need to be accomplished for the length of the project.
	1. work plan
4. A(n) ____________ is a measure of program size based on the number and complexity of inputs, outputs, queries, files, and program interfaces.
	1. use case function point
5. For use-case point estimation purposes, actors can be classified as simple, __________, or complex.
	1. average
6. Lauren, a systems analyst, has excellent interpersonal skills. To take advantage of her skills, the functional lead of the project should assign her to program in Java and C++.
	1. False
7. Timeboxing is a time-oriented approach to project development.
	1. True
8. A highly effective motivational technique for technical staff is to provide recognition for each team member's accomplishments.
	1. True
9. Use-case point-based estimation also has a set of factors that are used to adjust the use-case point value.
	1. True
10. In a jelled team, team members enjoy doing their work.
	1. True
11. According to the article of cost estimation which of the following is the best scenario for cost estimation
	1. Combination of Both
12. According to the article of cost estimation which of the following was/were mentioned as example of formal models
	1.  All of the above
13. Do formal cost estimation models like the function point estimation model require no expert judgement in computing the project cost?
	1. False

# 5. 
1. What is the difference between formal models and expert judgment?

Your Answer:

Formal models use structured, data-driven methods like mathematical equations to make decisions, while expert judgment relies on the knowledge and intuition of experienced individuals. Formal models provide consistency, whereas expert judgment offers adaptability in uncertain or complex situations.

2. Are all inputs and parameters of the formal estimation techniques do not include any judgment? 

Your Answer:

No, not all formal estimation techniques are free from judgement. Formal estimation requires an expert to just various of a project including appropraite models, key assumptions, initial values, and determining which data to include. Often times, these inputs and parameters reflect the choices made by an experts understanding and experience in the subject.

# 6. 
1. Which of the following analysis requirment strategies works better than other when you want to identify why a business proceess is taking more time than it should
	1. Duration analysis
2. Where do requirements come from?
	1. All three!
3. Which of the following analysis requirement strategies works better than the other when you want to compare with best practices by other competitors
	1. Informal benchmarking
4. Which of the following analysis requirment strategies works better than other when you want to allign more with customer expectations
	1. Outcome analysis
5. Which of these is a correct description of functional requirements?
	1. They describe exactly what a system has to do.
6. Which of the following analysis requirment strategies works better than other when you want to identify why a business proceess is taking more cost than it should
	1. Activity based costing
7. Non-functional requirements relate to ...
	1. Maintainability, reliability, and usability
8. Which of the following is NOT an example of a non-functional requirement?
	1. The system must send an email whenever an order is placed.
9. Requirements can be categorised by?
	1. Both
10. All these are functional requirements EXCEPT...
	1. How the software performs the given conditions

# 7. 
1. What does JAD stand for?
	1. Joint Application Development
2. What is an unstructured interview?
	1. A guided conversation with no preset questions
3. The most common ways to gather info for use cases are through interviews and JAD sessions.
	1. True
4. It's a benefit of Interviews
	1. You can read body language
5. How do JADs differ from interviews?
	1. JADs include more people
6. The face-to-face interview and direct questionnaire are the common method of data ___________.
	1. collection
7. Compared with a questionnaire, the principal advantage of the interview is:
	1. depth of information that may be gathered
8. What is the advantage of a paper based questionnaire?
	1. People more willing to answer personal questions
9. Document analysis is a form of collecting qualitative data
	1. TRUE
10. What is not an advantage of a structured interview?
	1. Interviewees have few opportunities to raise other issues
11. Questions in interviews and on questionnaires that have no pre-specified answers are:
	1. open-ended questions
12. How is an observation different to an interview?
	1. Observations focus on behavior rather than opinions.
13. Observations focus on behavior rather than opinions.
	1. questions maybe misunderstood
14. To conduct effective interviews, analysts need
	1. all of them
15. What is an advantage of an interview?
	1. Follow up questions can be allowed
